Enable page list to expand in list view (#45776)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/core-blocks.md

-	**Supports:** ~~html~~, ~~reusable~~
-	**Attributes:** 

## Page List Item

> Display a list of all pages. ([Source](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/block-library/src/page-list-item))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays page, inside a list of all pages. ([Source](https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/tree/trunk/packages/block-library/src/page-list-item))
```

Reviewer 2: > Displays _a_ page...

Missing `a`
